Switch to Django Common's code of conduct (#1429)
jazzband/django-simple-history: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

> The best-practices project utilizes the [Django Commons Code of Conduct](https://github.com/django-commons/membership/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: Looks like a slight typo :p
```suggestion
The `django-simple-history` project utilizes the [Django Commons Code of Conduct](https://github.com/django-commons/membership/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

Author: Got a little too excited in my copy paste 😅
